Campaign Description (Early)

THE OUTLINE: A Transport Carrying Roughly 120,000 High-end Designer morphs is travelling from Mars to Venus for testing before large-scale production. The creator has threatened multiple times to cease work on the design if his design is leaked or stolen. Firewall has reason to belive this morph will be wildly successful in Venusian habitats, and has dispatched several agents (the party) to ensure the morphs reach Venus for resleeving.


THE HOOK: Significant Rep or Cred rewards are availible on delivery. Alternatively, early access to the new morph can be granted as payment.


THE CATCH: The party is required to ensure the physical integrity of the morphs remains intact, but is not permitted to attempt to interface the design. Most of the morphs mesh implants have specially-designed firewalls that prevent all but the most advanced hack attempts. This means any good-checking must be done in-person unless one is exceptionally skilled and very lucky.


CATCH #2: This morph is an adaption of a FURY morph, making it very powerful in combat (for an organic).


CATCH #3: An infomorph named Yares Quern has hitched a ride on one of the party's ghost modules. He is a hacker who is exceptionally good at avoiding detection. If he is discovered by Venusian officials, the person who smuggled him in illegally could face terrible penalties.


THE OPPOSITION: A rival hypercorp strongly desires this morph to add to their raiding squads for Venusian activity. Having uncovered the name and cargo of the transport, they will use political, social, physical, and electronic means of hijacking the shipment before it even launches from the martian spaceport.

THE TWIST:The "Package" containing the data for the morph is physically located in one of the 120,000 bodies on the ship. Any successful attempt to hack the "Package" without physical contact will cause the information to self-wipe. This is apparant on even a cursary examination. Disabling the safegaurds on the device is also not an option, as it will trigger the self-destruct for the transport.